{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This has proven to be a difficult paper to review. On the one hand, I very much appreciate the efforts to collect an analyze these data, and recognize the importance of these sorts of data as we start to parse how brains control social interactions.  \
\
On the other hand, I had major difficulties with this paper that fall into two categories. First, the writing has serious but fixable problems, including too many overbroad and interpretable statements and problems with organization of the exposition. These must be fixed before publication, and will result in an improved manuscript. Second, I have scientific issues with the analytic approaches and interpretations. I am not convinced that the approach described in the paper is appropriate or useful, and I have some suggestions for alternative approaches. This is more of a scientific debate, and so although I believe that I am correct, I give these comments as suggestions rather than requirements.\
\
\
\
Major writing problems\
\
There are two categories of writing issues.  First are problematic sentences that are difficult to parse and vague, and second is the distribution of information in the manuscript.\
\
First, problematic sentences. Many of the sentences are not readily interpretable even to experts in the field. I read a few of these sentences out loud to colleagues to make sure that it wasn\'92t just me - these sentences were largely uninterpretable:\
\
\'93Together, the data and model suggest a parsimonious computational mechanism - opposite feedback to neural activity components reflecting inter brain difference and similarity - that unifies diverse aspects fo the inter-brain neural relationship.\'94\
\
This is too vague.  I am assuming that \'93opposite feedback\'94 meant as a synonym for \'93negative feedback.\'94I strongly suggest using the term \'93negative feedback.\'94 Data and models cannot \'93suggest\'94 a parsimonious mechanism. What are \'93diverse aspects\'94?  I\'92m not sure what is meant by an \'93inter-brain neural relationship.\'94\
\
\'93The extensive research under this framework has provided a detailed description fo the phenomena of inter-brain correlation and coherence across a wide variety of conditions.\'94\
\
This is a vague summary of prior research that is practically meaningless and should be deleted.\
\
\'93We hypothesized that inter-brain difference is more than simply a lack of inter-brain correlation, and the detailed dynamics of the difference between brains can be as informative as the similarity for understanding the inter-brain relationship.\'94\
\
This is more than one thought that has been stated in an awkward way. What do you mean by \'93informative\'94 in this context? I believe that the main point is that you focussed on quantifying differences in neurophysiological activity between individuals. You found that those differences change with respect to social context. \
\
\'93Combined, the insights from the experimental and modeling approaches support a unifying computational mechanism that governs the inter-brain neural relationship during social interactions.\'94\
\
The computational mechanism hasn\'92t been clearly stated by this point in the manuscript.  Perhaps this mechanism is supposed to be \'93opposite feedback to difference and mean components\'94 which is not clearly explained in words. How is this mechanism \'93unifying\'94 - is this in reference to biology or to the models? These sorts of sentences are telegraphic - you know what you are trying to say, but the reader is forced to guess.\
\
\'93Applying the same approach to the data, we found that the model predictions are again confirmed (Fig. 5D-F). In summary, multiple reductions of the model found support in the data, underlining is explanatory power.\'94\
\
How the model was confirmed and how the data support the model are not explained explicitly in the manuscript.\
\
These problematic sentences reflect problems with the construction/distribution of the data and model in the paper - the second writing problem. Modern papers have added supplementary materials and additional methods sections which provide authors with outlets for more detailed descriptions of methods and data. The main manuscript can then be streamlined to deliver the main message of the manuscript. \
\
The problem with this manuscript is that critical pieces of information are far flung across sections, making the whole thing difficult to read. Specifically, too many of the details are in figure legends and not in the manuscript itself, and the logic of the\
\
I think that part of the reason that the main manuscript is too vague is because too many of the details have been moved into these \
\
\
\
}